I have been "learning" for over 150 days in a row now. I started kind of on a whim but now have a solid habit and its clearly a priority during the day for me.

When I started I was annoyed with myself that I would be stressed about making it to the gym, but if I tried to sit down and learn a new skill or new programming language I would always last just a few days, maybe if I was really motived I would last over a week. But now with over 150 days I think I can do a quick reflection on what got me to really stick with it.
# Its Public
Its public. I tied my name to this thing and funnily enough I had an old friend google me (hi Sujin if you are reading this). I was extremely embarrassed but mostly just because I was only like 15 days in! I think tying this so that someone actually might find it makes it just a bit more real or "out there" where if I quit, they could potentially know that too. Something else on the public part, I didnt tell anyone in real life (or on the internet really unless again, you are reading this) about what I am doing. I think I would still be really embarrassed if someone found my YouTube channel.
# Build the Process
Another thing that really helped was rather than focusing on the end goal, or even the content I was learning, I focused on building the habit first. I picked Java because it was advantageous for my current role, picked hyperskill after ~30 minutes of googling, and just hit the ground running. I am still doing hyperskill, and I am thinking about content more now where I would like to use my time more wisely, but the point here is the only thing that mattered was sitting down and doing the thing.
# Scaled Appropriately 
I also got a bit lucky in that I actually picked a reasonable scale to start with. I didn't shoot for two hours a day or something obscene where I would have to drop other things in my life to make it happen. At just 45 minutes a day, I am always able to schedule it, or just hop on it and do it. If I actually get into the zone, the timer cuts me off. In the beginning there were some very long session, but now 45 minutes feels like it goes by super fast an I find myself leaving TODOs for next time so I don't forget where I was! In fact, 45 minutes a day was so doable, I even managed to keep up the habit over the holidays.
# Moving Forward
Right now I am in the midst of increasing the volume and its really doable. I have found it a bit annoying to have 2 sessions in one day, but overall its only because work is unpredictable. When things are a bit slower, its very easy to do a 30 minute session in the morning, then hop on in the evening and get the full 45 in. 

Ill soon start experimenting with hour long sessions and trying to load the weekend with a bit more time to increase the rate of progress. We will see what happens.
# A Framework For New Skills?
I have tried to learn guitar in the past, maybe I should adopt the same approach?