I set this blog up yesterday. I also launched it by writing the first project article. The devJournal will act as a place to dump out ideas in a faster manner that don't pertain to a particular project.

As I think about the other projects I want to start, I want to focus on optimizing process.

Projects to help with process:
- a blog
	- this very blog
	- should be an outlet for my thoughts and hold me accountable
	- should allow easy reflection over what went wrong
	- act as an outlet for more detailed project articles
	- Note: *I have been living quite passively for too long. This blog is a place where I will put pen to paper and hold myself accountable. Its time to take action.*
- training vlog
	- upload videos of myself pursuing goals in fitness
	- use youtube, already have an account
	- simple voice over
	- should have all movements pertaining to specific goals
	- inspired by Sika Strength youtube channel
	- Note: *The idea is to practice being very intentional with something I already love doing. After 10 (11?) years of consistently working out I have reached a point that I need to be more focused to keep progressing.*
- live stream learning and or vlog
	- pick a course and literally live stream myself working through it
	- set a time and show up every day
	- upload recordings to youtube
	- inspired by Molly Rocket's youtube channel
	- Note: *The idea here is to build consistency and hold myself accountable. Many times I have tried to start self paced learning and I always get distracted. I am hoping live streaming the effort will force me to sit and focus. Hopefully by building a habit here, I can apply this to other subjects or hobbies later.*

The common theme amongst these three pillars in which I hope to change my own life's trajectory is doing the work publicly. No more isolation.

Other things I want to do but only after I have process defined:
- photography
	- buy a film camera and pick this up as a new hobby
	- I always forget to take pictures, use this to be more intentional about it
- guitar
	- it would be cool to shred
- iOS app development
	- arbitrary tracking application
		- I am recording many metrics in google sheets which sucks on mobile
		- I might start on this soon but at the moment I don't think it should be a priority
