Its been a somewhat productive month. I set out to, and achieved:
- live steam myself learning and uploading every second of it so far onto youtube
- reflecting on how my training is going in the gym and staying focused on what matters
- start a blog as an outlet where the content drives the productivity by requiring action

## Live Stream Learning
Its been interesting. I renaming the videos to be part of a "Learning Every Day" series instead, I think it sounded better. Right now I set a 45 minute timer and just go. I think it might be interesting to have some sort of review session too somewhere. Anki flashcards or something?
### Next Steps
To be honest, for now I think its ok and I wont mess with this one too much. I am sitting down and getting it done even when I don't want to which is way better than where I was a month ago.

## Fitness Vlog
This was incredibly hard. I forgot how terrible it is to hear your own voice. Organizing my thoughts and getting it out in a reasonable manner is also extremely hard. Right now I don't want to deal with editing, and also the raw nature will probably be more attractive than something heavily produced.

I should probably start adding some metadata to the videos and treat it as an archive as well. With all the video I am generating I will need to consider some local storage options. Its 2 gbs a day for the Learning Every Day series, maybe those aren't worth keeping. The training is much less though so I think I would want that.
### Next Steps
Find a way to add metadata to these videos in an organized fashion. The name of the file is an easy spot, but it would be good to track the weights as well. This isn't really a project but I don't know how much more I want to do here at the moment.

## Blog
I really like using Obsidian, and its been a nice outlet even with stuff that I haven't posted. I think I did the right thing to start by optimizing to literally just start. I feel like I should have even started with less though now that I am here.

### Next Steps
Its clear to me HTML, CSS, and a tiny bit of Javascript would go a very long way over just simple Markdown. I just need to find a compelling way to compose it. VSCode seems ok, and the nice thing about Obsidian is its all just markdown, so I can literally move over super easily. VSCode also has super easy integration with Github.

I think maybe that is the move. It is infinitely better at editing anything besides Markdown, and to be honest I am not using Obsidian for its "mind mapping" features anyways.

Maybe I will do some prototyping to see if I can get it to be as pleasant to write in as Obsidian feels.



